Redesign "Case studies" page (#416)
decidim/decidim.org: source/case_studies/en/barcelona-budgeting.html.md

website: https://www.decidim.barcelona/
website_link_text: Access the Decidim.Barcelona platform
gallery:
  - image: /uploads/Oahu Honolulu View from Tantalus lookout 1.svg
    alt: Team photo
  - image: /uploads/photo_2026-05-04_16-07-23.jpg
    alt: Close up signing
  - image: /uploads/photo_2026-05-04_16-07-20.jpg
    alt: Promotion
  - image: /uploads/photo_2026-05-04_16-07-16.jpg
    alt: Promotion
  - image: /uploads/photo_2026-05-04_16-07-12.jpg
    alt: Group photo
type: Participatory Budgeting
target: Barcelona citizens aged 14 years old and over
components_used:
  - Proposals
  - Pages
  - Follow-up
  - Meetings
  - Participatory Budgets
country: Catalonia
results_title: Results
budget:
  value: 30 Million €
  label: Budget Allocated
proposals_submitted:
  value: '1.982'
  label: Proposals submitted
technically_validated:
  value: '823'
  label: Technically validated
prioritized:
  value: '204'
  label: Prioritized
selected_for_implementation:
  value: '76'
  label: Selected for implementation
total_participants:
  value: '64.571'
  label: Total participants

> results_conclusion: 'The pandemic accelerated digitization: most of the 64,571 participants did so online, in contrast to the 11,970 in person.'

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense with the "Total participants" figure. Shouldn't it be something like this?? 

```suggestion
results_conclusion: 'The pandemic accelerated digitization: most of the 52,601 participants did so online, in contrast to the 11,970 in person.'
```

description_title: What you need to know
description: |-
  Is it possible for neighbours to decide which projects they want to promote in their neighbourhoods?

  Barcelona’s 2020 participatory budgeting allowed city residents to decide how part of the municipal budget would be spent. The City Council made €30 million available to fund the most voted neighborhood proposals from each district. The goal was to empower citizens in decision-making about the city, fostering direct democracy, transparency, and stronger ties between citizens and the institution.

  The process began before the pandemic, but the health crisis presented an additional challenge, requiring adaptation to restrictions while also encouraging online interaction between residents and the government, further promoting citizen empowerment.

>   Some of the most popular proposals that were implemented included calming streets with green spaces designed for pedestrians in different neighborhoods across the city. Another success story was the r[enovation of the Campany sports field,](https://www.decidim.barcelona/processes/PressupostosParticipatius/f/4422/proposals/29142?included_in=Z2lkOi8vZGVjaWRpbS1iYXJjZWxvbmEvRGVjaWRpbTo6QnVkZ2V0czo6UHJvamVjdC8xMTc) where the infrastructure of Barcelona’s only cricket ground was improved thanks to a proposal put forward by a group of young women passionate about the sport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Some of the most popular proposals that were implemented included calming streets with green spaces designed for pedestrians in different neighborhoods across the city. Another success story was the [renovation of the Campany sports field,](https://www.decidim.barcelona/processes/PressupostosParticipatius/f/4422/proposals/29142?included_in=Z2lkOi8vZGVjaWRpbS1iYXJjZWxvbmEvRGVjaWRpbTo6QnVkZ2V0czo6UHJvamVjdC8xMTc) where the infrastructure of Barcelona’s only cricket ground was improved thanks to a proposal put forward by a group of young women passionate about the sport.
```

  Beyond the numbers, the most valuable impact has been the real transformation of the territory and the promotion of citizen empowerment. A paradigmatic example is the cricket project led by young women: a group of mostly migrant-origin youth who proposed and secured funding to build the first municipal women’s cricket field in Montjuïc.
  This project not only created a new sports facility but has also become a symbol of inclusion, visibility, and equal opportunity. Thanks to the participatory process and the tools provided by Decidim, these young women were able to turn a community need into a tangible reality, inspiring other groups to get involved and demonstrating that citizen participation can truly change lives.
optional_section_3_title: Lessons learned
optional_section_3: |-
  - Pandemic Adaptation
  - Allowing participation without registration for one-off actions is necessary.
testimonial_link: https://www.3cat.cat/3catinfo/una-historia-dempoderament-femeni-a-les-del-criquet/noticia/3280178/
testimonial_link_text: Testimonial
partners:

>   - logo: /uploads/bcn_casestudies_logo.svg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - logo: /uploads/casestudies_logos_bcn.svg
```

    name: Barcelona

>   - logo: /uploads/decidim_bcn.svg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - logo: /uploads/casestudies_logos_decidim.svg
```
